remove CMMN reference (#376)
camunda/camunda-docs-static: enterprise/content/download.md

## Camunda Modeler

> The Camunda Modeler is an open source process modeling tool based on [bpmn.io](http://bpmn.io/). It is a desktop application that allows you to edit BPMN process diagrams and DMN decision tables located on your local file system. Find more information in the [Camunda Modeler](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/latest/modeler/camunda-modeler/) documentation and the Camunda Modeler [download page](http://camunda.com/download/modeler/).

Reviewer: Based on C8 docs, we should also mention forms.

> Desktop Modeler is a desktop application for modeling BPMN, DMN, and Forms and supports you in building executable diagrams with Camunda.

```suggestion
The Camunda Modeler is an open source process modeling tool based on [bpmn.io](http://bpmn.io/). It is a desktop application that allows you to edit BPMN process diagrams, DMN decisions, and Forms located on your local file system. Find more information in the [Camunda Modeler](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/latest/modeler/camunda-modeler/) documentation and the Camunda Modeler [download page](http://camunda.com/download/modeler/).
```
